Now to demonstrate how HIV works I created a basic application we can use for this core section.
As always you can find it attached to this lecture.
It simply shows us a list of service which holds some ideas and we can add a news server to this list
which gets a new ID.
De-code responsible for this is this template.
And then there's component code where we again start with an array of some servers to to be precise.
And then on AD server a method which adds a news server and I generate Jaydee which does help function.
Note it's not a unique ID for these purposes here.
It doesn't have to be.
So it is the simple app we're starting and now generating all these services.
Nice having them here is nice but once you leave the app they'll be gone.
You can see this here if I reload this page.
Well our newly added service gone and also the IDs have been reset or recalculated.
I should say so this is not the behavior you want.
Instead it would be nice if we could store these services on the back end and fetched them from there.
Now four days Marchal here I will use firebase a service by Google as a back end.
Now firebase is a nice convenient service you can use for a real application too.
You should check the pricing if you do plan to do so.
Though the advantage is it gives you are ready to use.
Back and out of the box.
Of course you can absolutely write your own back and connect to that.
The logic on how to connect to it from the angle or perspective will always be the same.
I'm just using this backup because we don't have to set up anything there so make sure to sign up and
then go to your console which will show you all your firebase projects and there you can simply click
on Create new project.
Now give it a name like a name would you do me ngi HDP.
Pick your region.
Pick Germany for me.
And then this will generate our new project.
Again this is only a dummy project.
Only here to demonstrate how HTP work we're not going to dive deeply into firebase here so no worries
we're just using this as a very very simple to use bacot.
Now once it's done it should take you to the console and there's one important thing you have to do
on database which actually is the database use by us firebase HD service which will connect to here.
You should go to the rules tap and set read and write both to true.
Otherwise access will be denied and you won't be able to read and write click on published or after.
And now you can send requests to this firebase service and there they will automatically access the
database and your data will get stored there or fetched from there.
Your Eurail to the project can be found here.
So make sure to copy this and with that back to regular where we can start working on these HTP requests
and on sending them.
We'll start with that in the next lecture.